"the heathen has been denounced" - Papa Amity;"how big is hank dick" - MKLL; "fire AV" - George W Bush; "the devils suck elephant balls" Boof Francesa; "boo nieves suck" - robobama; "shoulda offered him a seat on your lap" - Kyle; "watching the rangers sometimes is kind of like doing community service" - LukeJ; Fire AV - Enitre NYR Fanbase; "theres no fucking crab rangoons" - Rick the Dick; "You're a fool, but thats ok". Boof Francesa; "lol thats a big dick" - Taylor The Heathen; "but yes, fucc messier" - Taylor The Heathen; "I’m not cool enough to have any quotes" - Trish; "coding isnt *that* hard" - Trish; "thicc thighs save lives" - The Male Population; "Dude, you want these goods or are you an idiot?" - archaic_entity; "men are trash" - Rick the Dick; "Just tell him to shit or get off the pot." - archaic_entity; "WALKOFF SALAMI SANDWICH" - Matt Vasgersian; "Tfw your gf has a bigger dick than you" -thom; "Good defense? By the rangers? Impossible" - Rick the Dick; "Well I'm drink" -Midas; "I'll buy everyone an Xbox One" - MKLL; "Yeah Crosby can lick my taint" - Whickey; "Tara come sit on my face" - Rick The Dick; "Marc Staal is gonna cash one in" - Amity; "Marc Staal has a gorilla dick" - Papa Amity; "nick holden is black?" - MKLL; "he just asked me to sit on his face" - Mrs. Robobama; "Do I even have a quote?" - AlexFamous; "I could fuck a cockroach" -thom; "hitting from behind won't give you children tho <:grabface:342071963721924630>" - Rick The Dick; "I would like to issue a formal apology to everyone on this server (and quite frankly, humanity) for anything Bo may or may not say." - Boof; "Because, as she says, "though she be little, she's a fucking fury" or something." - Archaic Entity; "It's all <@142811504780115968>'s fault" - AlexFamous; "zuccarello can have my children" - LukeJ; "thats why I sleep with my underwear full of bees" - Razael; "oh great, nhl's first lesbian is playing" - LukeJ; "Boo is the heart and soul of the 4th line" - Thom; "u look like a typical Met fan would at a Met game, optimistically depressed" - Boof; "if staal scores an OT winner at any point this year, someone owes me papa johns" - Amity; "he needs a vowel, he does not have a vowel in his surname" - Sam Rosen; nah - Rick the Dick; "We have to be nice to Pierre,  it's hard to pay attention to the game in front of him while he's flipping through all the Penguins nudes on his phone" - Rick The Dick; "Some defend the blue line, some the red line, and HH here... he defends the brown line." - Archaic Entity; "McDonagh is the captain on the oilers right" - Corsi God; "I'm gay" - alexfamous; "im here at almost 5 am for this shit" - Midas; "I fucking hate this team with a god damn passion. Everything fucking hurts" - the entire server; "Nigel fucking dawes, the kazakhi-jamacian warrior of hockey" - Boof; "I can't wait until my farts make the news because of how vile they are lol" - Razael; "YES IT IS CODING" - Trish; "I know just enough coding to make Nash have a big dick and that's about it" - Rick The Dick; "EVERYONE ON THIS TEAM IS FUCKING SINGLE CUZ THATS HOW BAD THEY ARE AT SCORING" - Boof; "Crosby? More like Sidney Cuntsby" - Trish; "tbf a girl once turned lesbian after going out with me" - LukeJ; "50% Italian, 50% Puerto Rican, 12 inches black" - Razael; "still 2 periods to go my guys" - Midas went told to go to bed in a West Coast blowout; "I can go weeks without talking to a black guy." -Thom; "all i asked is if Luke made that hairstyle on his pubes" - Boof Francesa; "Didnt mean to ruin everyone's day, but the rangers are playing tn" - Thom; "No doubt but that's kinda like saying I like cock, except for the dick and balls"- Razael; "based on my 1st ammendment rights i can to judge pickle cheesecake" - alexfamous; "If you don't like hockey, then you aren't a human being" -  @BROCK "THE FLOW" BOESER; "I suck cocks for life" - RoboBama 2018 for President; "I hope you get lost in Ottawa and get raped by a homeless guy covered in maple syrup" - Hank to AV probably; "The Rangers are that gf you have that makes you miserable but shes good at giving BJs, so ur content." -Boof Francesa; "Zucc just showed us his 12 inch zucchini" - Rick the Dick; "jk fuck those jiggies" - Robobama; "how am i a nazi" - Thom; "She's not actually reacting to the game, every time she says woah Pierre is putting a finger in her bum" - Rick The Dick; "I need to find a young fan, I can't find one" - Pierre; "If you're doing Ballroom Dance class, thom, Make sure the girls don't think you're gay" -Boof; "You're going to McDonalds? Can I get a Whopper?" - Alexfamous; "Bring out the pizza boys" - Sam Rosen; "Woejijg on it" - Churles; "WELCOME TO THE NYR RASMUS, ENJOY YOUR FUCKING STAY" - LukeJ; "why did i invest emotional energy in this team, that was my first mistake" - vertc; "why did i invest emotional energy in this team, that was my first mistake" - vertci; "i cloghged the toilet" - Amity; "If you want to have popcorn, come downstairs and pop it yourself" - Thom's mom; "Black people don't exist" - Thom; "I wish I can suck Didi Gregorius's dick, such beauty" -LukeJ;"There's no better combination than PB&J and water (MOAN)" - thom;"Im down with the young people" - Robobama
;"The Queen of England is a prick" - LukeJ
